refactor: Update type annotations to use array<int> (#49)
mll-lab/php-utils: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

## v5.12.1

> ### Added
> 
> - Update type annotations to use array<int> in Tecan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fixed

- Update type annotations in namespace `MLL\Utils\Tecan` to use `array<int>` over `array<int, int>`
```
